hey everyone today I'm gonna show you
how to do second day in curly hair okay
first thing you're gonna take off your
shower cap because you don't know what
your hair in the shower and show off
that good ol pineapple now take your
hair down and kind of shake it out into
the part that you want it to be now I'm
gonna use my good old spray bottle and
my good old lavage curl spike curls and
work some magic
first I'm gonna dampen my hair with the
water I don't want to spray too much
because I don't want to get too wet I
just wanna live it with those curls kind
of wake them up a little bit
now you want to make sure you get all
over including underneath just so your
hair will be even in love and full and
voluptuous next I'm gonna use my lavish
cross-buy curls which is kind of like a
curl waker-upper in a way I'm gonna
spray that all over my hair and I'm
going to rub it through now I don't like
to comb through second day hair because
it causes it to be more frizzy it just
doesn't work at all I've tried it before
it trusts me
so one make sure you rub your hair not
comb through I really like to use my
hands to get those edges cuz those are
my problem area very very frizzy like to
get there move it all around just really
put it everywhere
now the last thing I'd like to do is to
fluff out my hair I don't want my Carl
seen flat and kind of gross looking so I
like to really get in there in the roots
and my scalp and kind of comment out a
little bit gonna fluff it
now you just want to fluff it around
before it dries too much because you
don't wanna fluff when it's dry frizz
you know no and there you go now you can
go do your makeup or something while
your hair is drying and it should only
take maybe like 30 minutes and you are
done
thanks for watching make sure to
subscribe for more fashion and beauty
Fridays